Such a great opportunity to save the lobster
Why did he refuse?
Yes, the princess can do without it.
But how can the lobster not be saved?
Mr. Linze, you have to think about it
No need for lobsters now riddled with holes
I don't want another army coming in
Lobster regeneration incident
If the princesses really want to help Li
Let your allies be stationed beyond the borders of the dragon
After the soldiers of the dragon have expelled all the enemies
And annihilate them in two loaves
It is indeed the hard work of the leader
Baisin leads by example
We said yes.
Yuan Zhen
Calling all the Heaven Dou People's Army to fight on the front line
Although Heaven Dou soldiers are brave and good at fighting
But they are all old and weak soldiers
Inadequate
Can't make much waves
The army of millions is who reach out and chop for you
You have to cut it for three days and three nights
They wanted to expel the Allies.
Wishful thinking
Downstairs, the front line is reversed.
Millions of troops have been expelled
Who am I?